---
layout: post
title: Tracking my explorations!
subtitle: Being a little methodic with my explorations
author: jjk_charles
categories: self
tags: blog self
sidebar: []
---

I always have a habit of making a list of things I mark for later exploration - which by default tends to be a pretty huge list (just like my Steam library).

This could be a mix of technical things, books I\'ve come across, articles I have bookmarked, showerthoughts I wanted to explore futher etc.

Some of these topics I never get futher time to invest on because I have only so much time outside of my work and family hours, which leads me to eventually dismissing some of those as stupid/crazy ideas, or losing track of what I thought about in the first place.

This is an attempt to address the last bit - ensuring I have a place to make a list of all thing to be explored. Not that I don\'t do this already. I do it across multiple places in the form of browser bookmarks, [Pocket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pocket_(service) "Pocket") saves, OneNote list and so on.

The problem is, since they are spread across different places it is easier for me to forget about something unless I am constantly thinking about it because it is part of an ongoing work effort OR its something that really sounded cool OR its already trending and serves as a constant reminder any time I am casual browsing the internet.

The solution I have come to is make a section on my website to list down the items I wanted to explore - hopefully at least a little organised, and use it to guide myself on which topics I wanted to pickup next. I am also planning on writing a blog post once I get to the exploration part - just in case if I want to use it at a later point in time, I'll alredy have a quick summary that would help refresh my memory on the topic.

Eagar to see how this experiment works out for me!